The results of my experiment indicate that yes, colour does affect both the selection of drinks and whether they taste good. For the most part, the average rating was improved when the subjects could not see the drinks, which lines up with the fact that the colours I used are not the most appetising, at least to me. Additionally, subject B stated after the experiment that he based which drinks he consumed first based on his knowledge of Gatorade flavours, plus subject A, for both drinks, picked purple/black first, purple being their favourite colour. This means that colour does affect the selection. Armed with these facts and with more subjects, companies can figure out which colours are best for marketing, and therefore waste less drinks (though I’m questioning the ethics, since most companies will probably use it to make more money).
<div id="more">
Orange was typically picked first or third, though the placements did vary. This makes sense, since the colour orange is supposed to have an attention-grabbing effect. We were actually trying to make the colour pink, but all we could get was reddish-orange! It goes to show how it must be tricky for companies to make pink lemonade.
Purple/black was picked first both times by subject A. (The blind tests don’t count - the spot checks were in random order; the drinks were not chosen by the subject!) This is her favourite colour, so it makes sense even without any background knowledge about purple and its related emotions. It may have also been picked first by subject C once due to him liking Coca-Cola which is black.
Green was mostly picked second or third. Since it can symbolise health and relaxation, it makes sense that it was one of the first few picked.
Blue was one of the first few for about half the samples. It can make people feel safe in their emotions, but I still wouldn’t feel safe with a blue drink, so I do get why it wasn’t always used in the first few. Subject B picked it first once due to his knowledge of Gatorade flavours (he likes blue Gatorade). 
I can’t give much explanation for Normal as a whole, since there are two types of drinks that were served without food colouring, with two different colours, so I’ll split it into 2 parts.
Normal apple juice was picked late into the choices, and its average rating is about 3.3. Subject C commented that it looked like urine, though he still gave it a decent rating. Though that could still be why it was picked so late into the choices.
For lemonade, normal was picked even later into the choices, its average rating being about 3.6. I find it a bit strange how it was picked later, yet its average rating is higher. Just another strange psychology thing.
Something to keep in mind: Subject A was very hyper the second time, with subject C being rather grumpy. The food colouring may have had an effect. Additionally, I’m surprised that subject C didn’t like the lemonade. He drinks it a lot at home. Plus, the lemonade tasted bitter to C, and it did colour better too. Red food colouring apparently CAN taste bitter, so that would explain it. Still though, we didn’t add red food colouring to everything, and the normal one still tasted bitter even though there was no food colouring in it. So it could simply be that C was tired. 
Finally, all that talk about emotions (see green, orange,...), but emotions could be completely irrelevant here. Some scientists say about colours and taste that it largely depends on experience with different colours.
Still, considering that a lot of what the article about emotions says lines up at least partially with the results, I think it’s at least a factor.
